# Read_1
## chapter 1: structure

Many web pages act like electronic versions of these documents.

the main structure for an HTML project is: head, body (header, main, footer).

Attributes provide additional information
about the contents of an element.

## Chapter 8: Extra Markup

DCTYPES is used to tell a browser which version of HTML the page is using.

to make a comment is HTML use <!-- comment --> 

Although comments are not visible to users in the main browser window, they can be viewed by anyone who looks at the source code behind the page.

id attribute is to uniquely identify that element from other elements on the page. so you can use CSS and JS in HTML easily.

class attribute is similar to id attribute but it can select more than one command.

you can group texts by div or section hypertext.

span hypertext used to select a specific text in the HTML .

iframes hypertext cut windows into your web pages through
which other pages can be displayed.

The meta tag allows you to supply all kinds of information about your web page.

 Escape characters are used to include special characters in your pages such as <, >, and ©.

## Chapter 17: HTML 5 layout

this article is talking about the hypertext that used is HTML 5 to make its shape looks good and useful.

such as div figure hgroup tags etc. .

## Chapter 18: Process and Design

this chapter is talking about the design of the website and how it will affect your target audience; why they want to visit your website, what they are trying to achieve, and what information they need from your website.

remember: wireframing is important.